{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green20\blue21;\red252\green252\blue252;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c10196\c10588\c80000;\cssrgb\c99216\c99216\c99216;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa700\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Static :\'a0\
In the file, add a \'91UIApplicationShortcutItems\'92 array. Each element of the array is a dictionary containing the properties of one Quick Action:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UIApplicationShortcutItemType (required): A String that identifies the Quick Action. Note that this String has to be a unique one, and app specific. A good idea is to prefix it with your bundle ID or some other app unique String.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UIApplicationShortcutItemTitle (required): A String that represents the title of the Quick Action and is showed to the user. An example might be \'93Show last picture taken\'94.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UIApplicationShortcutItemSubtitle (optional): A String under the title of your Quick Action. An example might be \'93Last picture taken yesterday\'94. If you want to add an icon to your Quick Action, you have two possibilities: a system icon by Apple or a custom icon by yourself.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UIApplicationShortcutItemIconType (optional): A String indicating which system icon you want to be displayed next to your Quick Action.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplicationshortcuticon/icontype\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UIApplicationShortcutItemIconFile (optional): A String indicating which custom icon you want to be displayed next to your Quick Action.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UIApplicationShortcutItemUserInfo (optional): A Dictionary containing some extra information you want to pass with the Quick Action.\cb1 \
}